Updated solution - Include intro (#34486)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: guide/english/certifications/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/regular-expressions/check-for-all-or-none/index.md

title: Check for All or None
---
## Check for All or None
In this challenge, you are asked to change the regex so that it defines the existence of the letter u, resulting in the exception of both American and British versions of the word favourite/favorite. 

### Hint 1:

> The variable favWord already contains the American version - favorite. Does the variable favRex contain the British version?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The variable favWord already contains the American version - favorite. Does the regular expression in favRegex match also the British version?
```
